Audit alert v3 indicators enrichment fix (#32219)
demisto/content: Packs/PrismaCloudCompute/Playbooks/Prisma_Cloud_Compute_-_Get_Container_Events_README.md

This is a sub-playbook of the "Prisma Cloud Compute - Audit Alert v2" playbook.

> - Get container runtime or WAAS events and set it to layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get container runtime or WAAS events and set it in the layout.
```
